Fixes doxygen style multiline comment parsing for files with CRLF (#7174)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:
 * ABI decoder: Ensure that decoded arrays always point to distinct memory locations.

>  * Scanner: Fix parsing doxygen style multiline comments with triple slashes when file is encoded with CRLF instead of LF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Scanner: Fix doxygen-style parsing of multi-line comments with triple slashes when file is encoded with CRLF instead of LF.
```

Bugfixes:
 * ABI decoder: Ensure that decoded arrays always point to distinct memory locations.

>  * Scanner: Fix doxygen-style parsing of multi-line comments with triple slashes when file is encoded with CRLF instead of LF.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Scanner: Fix parsing of doxygen-style multi-line comments with triple slashes when file is encoded with CRLF instead of LF.
```

As counterproposal to the last suggestion - not sure in what way the parsing is "doxygen-style" ;-).

Reviewer: Ah, wait. "Doxygen-style" is even incorrent, isn't it? Shouldn't it say Natspec?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, ``multi-line natspec comments`` is probably even better.
